 Vorderer, P., Hartmann, T., & Klimmt, C. (2003, May). Explaining the enjoyment of playing video games: 
 the role of competition. In Proceedings of the second international conference on Entertainment computing (pp. 1-9).
 https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Tilo_Hartmann/publication/220851167_Explaining_the_enjoyment_of_playing_video_games_The_role_of_competition/links/0fcfd510037a364d8c000000.pdf 
 
 
• Article elaborates key links between interactivity and enjoyment which are related to competition. 
• Competitive elements are considered most important determinant of the enjoyment arising from playing computer games 
    -    although simple act of playing is enjoyable, the suspenseful coping with challenges such as tasks, danger, threats 
        that may lead to highly enjoyable success appears to be the more important source of entertainment.
• Holds risk to lose which would cause negative emotions and reduce enjoyment
	○ Expected that game situation is mastered by player
Games allow for adjustments of difficulty levels in order to regulate probability of success and failure according to players skill.
Competition from the social side too not just from challenges from the game.The feeling of beating someone. 

Article has some good insights on why people enjoy video games. This links to our domain as it states that one key 
reason people enjoy games is the competitive aspect of it. The competitive aspect comes from both understanding how 
to play the game and getting better at it and also the social competitive aspect which refers to a person's performance 
compared to another player. This information can be used when designing in our domain as our game should incorporate both 
types of competition to deliver an enjoyable experience to the users. 
As the concept idea is suggested to be changed to “giving friends a unique and enjoyable experience that 
connects them to the UQ campus” this idea that the game should be competitive  fits well as friendly 
competition among friends plays a large factor in why people would use our installation. Would also encourage repeat usages of the installation. 
